Adamantin oder Drachenzahn-Waffen (oder Dragonbane enchantments)

Events:
Idiotic Adventurer Group taking on the Dragon alone.
an idiotic bard/do gooder to go and talk to the dragon to make peace
Kobolds praying to their dragon god


---------------


Story on how to defeat the dragon:
we were about 15 highly trained fighters and spellcasters.
We prepared for 6 months to scout the terrain and gain all information... more with item preparation.


we faked a small party going through a chasm.
then we bombarded it with spells to get through its spell resistances
the others did start to shoot.

Our Warlock and wizard Rinthengarde then managed to get the spell earthbind off, as well as dimensional lock.
And then the time started ticking. One minute.

We all charged forward. Our Griffon Rider from Waterdeep swooping down.
I remember Thorgar just jumping off the cliff with his axe held up high, being caught midair by one of its claws.
Kellen (paladin) was caught between its fangs and eaten alive. the wings pushed all others away.
We prepared for its acid breath weapon, so it didn't do a lot of damage when we were hit with it.
But what we were not prepared for are the Water Elementals that suddenly spawned around it and fought against us.
The rest is only ensuing chaos, swords, claws and Teeth.
Until the Dragon got stunned by something, i guess it was our sorceress Paragmene.
Its head lowered, and heavily wounded myself, I finally got a good strike to the head with my twohander.
The elementals vanished instantly, and the few survivors fell to the knees, wounded and exhausted.
And then it hit us. The body exploded, and took all out except one of us Rinthengarde.
Or so I was told, because I was talked to by a cleric of helm and the 

--------------------

Dragons: Arrogant, think themselves as the pinnacle of being. Most are wrathful and easy to anger.
               When they die in battle, usually they have some elemental explosion effect going on.
	Some have permanent effects on their dying location (permanent fire, permanent frost...)
	Regional effects around 5-10 miles of a dragon's lair (earthquakes, firey rain)
	about 22 months incubation period, then it lays the egg.

Lair Actions: Elemental Ray from out of the Ground (Magma Geyser i.e.) Reflex for save, strength like Breath
	Earthquake in aoe or fall prone
	Cloud Sphere that Poinsons or freezes and/or hinders Vision

Legendary Resistance: I just choose to resist a spell (3x per day)

Frightful presence Aura: DC or be frightened

All-Around Perception and True Seeing: they can see well and everything within a close range.

Strategy: Don't stand close to each other! and if you need to get close, surround it, so the breath only goes one way
	Limit its mobility! Don't attack it in its lair if not very well prepared.
	Get Weapons that can penetrate its scales, also get enchanted weapons of Dragon Slaying
	Prepare against its element

-----

Metallic:

Copper: Bardic, Extremely socializing, hoarding socializing items (sentient magic items)
Bronze: Most organized, Hoard in Order, Racks, shelves, Trading, Strategy, leading Armies in humanoid form
Silver: Only ones who give a shit about the world, Very straightforward, the only ones that are social amongst themselves (swarm of dragons)
	nice people generally
Gold: The paladins of the Dragon World, they devote themselves to being good. But they are very isolated, they even turn over the baddies to the authorities.

----------------
Chromatic:

Red: Smell like Sulfur, Biggest ones of all, see themselves as Tiamat's favorites, Anger Problems, They combat for fun,
	incredible competent (prefer to fight physically), excellent spellcaster, greedy
	a red dragon can identify a stronger opponent and fly away if saving face is possible doing so.
	They announce their presence for everyone to know



Black: (second weakest dragon): Most malicious ones, they are happy to just inflict pain, Loves to cast darkness, and goes into melee.

White: (smallest and weakest of chromatic dragons), they are the most reptile ones of all dragons, average intelligence.
	They dont scheme or talk a lot. They just want their territory.


scene: a dement old wizard and a dement ancient dragon playing chess against each other, shouting and cursing